# Clothing3JS

## Description
This is a 3D shirt showcase application that allows users to customize shirts with different logos, patterns and colors. Users can interactively select from a variety of colors, as well as upload their own logos or patterns to apply to the shirt model. Additionally, the application leverages the power of ChatGPT to create unique patterns for users, offering them a personalized and creative experience.

## Table of Contents
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Features](#features)
- [Configuration](#configuration)

## Technologies Used
* HTML, CSS, JavaScript
* React
* Three.js
* React Three Fiber
* Framer Motion
* Tailwind CSS
* Vite
* ChatGPT
* Node.js
* Express.js

## Installation
To run Clothing3JS App locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/jojaaku/clothing3js.git`
2. Navigate to the client directory: `cd client`
3. Install dependencies: `npm install`
4. Start the development server: `npm run dev`
5. Create a new terminal and navigate to the server directory: `cd ../server`
6. Install dependencies: `npm install`
7. Configure environment variables by creating a `.env` file (see [Configuration](#configuration) for details).
8. Start the development server: `npm start`

## Usage
Once the app is running, open your web browser and navigate to `http://localhost:5173` to access DALL-E Clone App. You can enter prompts, generate images, share it to the community, and even search and download images.

## Features
- Generate images through prompts.
- Randomize prompts.
- Upload generated images.
- Search for images generated by anyone.
- Download uploaded images.
- Responsive design.

## Configuration
To configure Awesome Web App, create a `.env` file in the project root directory and add the following variables:

OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_api_key  
